---
layout: post

title: Kindergarten Chinese Week 3
---

{% include iframe.html src="/app-slides/?animals/" width="80%" height="60%" %}

---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the third week. Starting from this week, students are going to work on the new unit of animals. In this week, we will learn farm animals.

Students need parents' help with the following contents. These activities are for several days. Students don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your kids' schedule and study on their own pace.

## Identify yourself

{% include button.html href="/app-identify/" text="Identify me" %}

Stop by this identification page and enter your name, then submit.

{% include clear.html %}

This will allow me to track students' progress, including the recordings in the "[Try to read](#try-to-read)" section. It's recommended that every time student comes back to these activities, check out the identification page first, and if his/her name is not shown there, provide it again so it can get tracked correctly.

## Learn the words

{% include button.html href="/app-slides/?animals/" text="View slides" %}

Check out the slides to learn the vocabulary. In the slides, students are going to learn those 16 words in this unit.

{% include clear.html %}

Pay attention to the pronunciation of each word. Each word will be read twice in Chinese followed by once in English. After all the words, there will be a mini-quiz for self-check.

## Vocabulary game

{% include button.html href="/app-vocab/?animals4a,animals4b" text="Vocabulary" %}

You're ready to earn some points!

{% include clear.html %}

The three game modes provide different difficulty levels where the first game is the easiest and the third game is the hardest. Remember, the learning mode is always available if you need some reminder of the words.

## Try to read

{% include button.html href="/app-read/?animals1/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-read/?animals2/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read 2" %}

Students will practice pronunciation themselves by reading the words to the computer.

{% include clear.html %}

We're moving away from the automatic grading in this part due to its unreliability. In the new design, students' pronunciation will be recorded and sent to me automatically.

For this part, I recommend using [Google Chrome][chrome] to finish the activity. In each word card, the picture and its pinyin are given. When you click the "Go" button, the computer will read the word first, and then ask you to read it and record students' pronunciation for a maximum of 10 seconds, or you can stop the recording at a earlier time manually. A playback option is also available so students can listen to their own pronounciation, and record it again if student not satisified with previous attempt.

## Watch the video

{% include button.html href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE9epg1qXfM" text="Watch video" %}

Refresh memory by watching this video.

{% include clear.html %}

## Memory game

{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=animals1&imagesAvailable=8&grid=4x4" text="Memory game 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=animals2&imagesAvailable=8&grid=4x4" text="Memory game 2" %}

Enjoy the game!

{% include clear.html %}

[chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
