---
layout: post

title: Kindergarten Chinese Week 5
category: b3
---

{% include iframe.html src="/app-slides/?zoo1/" width="80%" height="60%" %}

---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the fifth week.

Students need parents' help with the following contents. These activities are for several days. Students don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your kids' schedule and study on their own pace.

## Identify yourself

{% include button.html href="/app-identify/" text="Identify me" %}

Stop by this identification page and enter your name, then submit.

{% include clear.html %}

This will allow me to track students' progress, including the recordings in the "[Try to read](#try-to-read)" section. It's recommended that every time student comes back to these activities, check out the identification page first, and if his/her name is not shown there, provide it again so it can get tracked correctly.

## Learn the words

{% include button.html href="/app-slides/?zoo1/" text="View slides 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-slides/?zoo2/" text="View slides 2" %}

Check out the slides to learn the vocabulary. In the slides, students are going to learn 18 new words in this unit.

{% include clear.html %}

Pay attention to the pronunciation of each word. Each word will be read twice in Chinese followed by once in English. After all the words, there will be a mini-quiz for self-check.

## Whack-a-mole!

{% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=fruitsez" text="Whack-a-mole!" %}

This new game will help you review the words you just learned in the slides. You can start from the previous unit of fruits to get familiar with this game.

{% include clear.html %}

{% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=zoo1" text="Whack-a-mole! 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=zoo2" text="Whack-a-mole! 2" %}

Now practice the new words of this unit in the game.

{% include clear.html %}

There are two levels in this game. Earn enough points in the first level to advance to the next level.

## Try to read

{% include button.html href="/app-read/?zoo1/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-read/?zoo2/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read 2" %}

Students will practice pronunciation themselves by reading the words to the computer. Students' pronunciation will be recorded and sent to me automatically.

{% include clear.html %}

For this part, I recommend using [Google Chrome][chrome] on a computer or Android device to finish the activity. In each word card, the picture and its pinyin are given. When you click the "Go" button, the computer will read the word first, and then ask you to read it and record students' pronunciation for a maximum of 10 seconds, or you can stop the recording at a earlier time manually. A playback option is also available so students can listen to their own pronounciation, and record it again if student not satisified with previous attempt.

## Memory game

{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=zoo1&imagesAvailable=9&grid=3x6" text="Memory game 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=zoo2&imagesAvailable=9&grid=3x6" text="Memory game 2" %}

Enjoy the game!

{% include clear.html %}

[chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
