---
layout: post

title: 5th Grade Chinese Week 8 Part 1
category: g5
---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the last week. In this week, you're going tp take the new practice for sentence structures using the words we learned about the food. You should focus on the order of words in the Chinese sentences. Try to figure out the way how the concepts are expressed in Chinese yourself and summarize it.

These activities are for several days. You don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your schedule and study on your own pace.

## Check in

{% include button.html href="/app-identify/?g5" text="Check in" %}

Stop by this check-in page and enter your name, then submit.

{% include clear.html %}

This will allow me to track your progress. Let me know you're actively working on Chinese learning!

## Sentence practice

Navigate around using arrows at the bottom-right corner. Drag and drop the words on the question pages to practice. Click on "Check" when you finish each question. You can also skip a question by simply navigating to the next page using the arrow.

{% include button.html href="/app-sentences/what-do-you-eat/" text="Sentence 1" %}

This sentence structure is about asking what someone want to eat for a meal.

{% include clear.html %}

{% include button.html href="/app-sentences/i-eat-for-breakfast/" text="Sentence 2" %}

This sentence structure is about responding to the question above for breakfast.

{% include clear.html %}

{% include button.html href="/app-sentences/i-eat-for-lunch/" text="Sentence 3" %}

This sentence structure is about responding to the question above for lunch.

{% include clear.html %}

{% include button.html href="/app-sentences/i-eat-for-dinner/" text="Sentence 4" %}

This sentence structure is about responding to the question above for dinner.

{% include clear.html %}
