---
layout: post

title: 4th Grade Chinese Week 5
category: g4
---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the fifth week. In this week, you're going to do some translation practice and play a new game.

These activities are for several days. You don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your schedule and study on your own pace.

## Identify yourself

{% include button.html href="/app-identify/" text="Identify me" %}

Stop by this identification page and enter your name, then submit.

{% include clear.html %}

This will allow me to track your progress. It's recommended that every time you come back to these activities, check out the identification page first, and if your name is not shown there, provide it again so it can get tracked correctly.

## Whack-a-mole!

{% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=weather1" text="Whack-a-mole!" %}

Here is a new game. This new game will help you to learn the vocabulary, and have some fun.

{% include clear.html %}

There are three levels in this game. Earn enough points in one level to advance to the next one.

## Liánliánkàn

{% assign lianliankan_href = '/lianliankan' | relative_url %}
{% include button.html href=lianliankan_href text="Learn the rules" %}{% include button.html href="/app-lianliankan/?data=weather1" text="Play the game" %}

Before playing the game, **you need to read the rules or you may get very confused in the game.**

{% include clear.html %}

## Translation

{% assign forms_href = '/forms?form=1FAIpQLSc2hI0vaKVaW4rPMchI_FMJj5OFHNuWAJ1sAb4KkkimX6IkZA&entry=entry.1983641533&title=Weather' | relative_url %}
{% include button.html href=forms_href text="Do translation" %}

Translate the sentences into Chinese. Type your answers in the blanks for each question and submit. You don't need to use tone marks.

{% include clear.html %}

## Flipgrid

{% include button.html href="https://flipgrid.com/a2535dab" text="Record video" %}

Describe what you see outside window in the sky.

{% include clear.html %}

On the linked Flipgrid page, you can record a video to share with me and the rest of our class. Read the descriptions and requirements for this task, then click the green plus sign and enter your name to start recording. I'll share your video with your classmates and you can come back later to see any video recorded by others. You can also let me know if you don't want your video to be shared.

## Kahoot

{% include button.html href="https://kahoot.it/challenge/02954315?challenge-id=9f4e2e9f-9b72-4be5-8348-38204d05d88d_1588483428378" text="Kahoot challenge" %}

Go to the game "Kahoot Challenge". Before game start type your First Name so that I can keep track with all of you. Please type your real name, don't make up names.

{% include clear.html %}
