---
layout: post

title: 3rd Grade Chinese Week 3
category: g3
---

{% include iframe.html src="/app-slides/?clsrmobj1/" width="80%" height="60%" %}

---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the third week. Starting from this week, you're going to work on the new unit of classroom objects. In this week, you'll learn the first 12 words of 37 words in total.

These activities are for several days. You don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your schedule and study on your own pace.

## Identify yourself

{% include button.html href="/app-identify/" text="Identify me" %}

Stop by this identification page and enter your name, then submit.

{% include clear.html %}

This will allow me to track your progress, including your recordings in the "[Try to read](#try-to-read)" section. It's recommended that every time you come back to these activities, check out the identification page first, and if your name is not shown there, provide it again so it can get tracked correctly.

## Learn the words

{% include button.html href="/app-slides/?clsrmobj1/" text="View slides" %}

Check out the slides to learn the vocabulary. In the slides, you're going to learn those 12 words in this unit.

{% include clear.html %}

Pay attention to the pronunciation of each word. Each word will be read twice in Chinese followed by once in English. After all the words, there will be a mini-quiz for self-check.

## Vocabulary game

{% include button.html href="/app-vocab/?clsrmobj1" text="Vocabulary" %}

You're ready to earn some points!

{% include clear.html %}

The three game modes provide different difficulty levels where the first game is the easiest and the third game is the hardest. Remember, the learning mode is always available if you need some reminder of the words.

## Try to read

{% include button.html href="/app-read/?clsrmobj1/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read" %}

You'll practice pronunciation yourself by reading the words to the computer.

{% include clear.html %}

We're moving away from the automatic grading in this part due to its unreliability. In the new design, your pronunciation will be recorded and sent to me automatically.

For this part, I recommend using [Google Chrome][chrome] on a computer or Android device to finish the activity. In each word card, the picture and its pinyin are given. When you click the "Go" button, the computer will read the word first, and then ask you to read it and record your pronunciation for a maximum of 10 seconds, or you can stop the recording at a earlier time manually. A playback option is also available so you can listen to your own pronounciation, and record it again if you're not satisified with your previous attempt.

## Watch the video

{% include button.html href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAU2qtVzi04" text="Watch video" %}

Refresh your memory by watching this video.

{% include clear.html %}

Focus on the spelling of the words to get yourself prepared for the next fun challenge.

## Find the words

{% include button.html href="/app-wordfind/?clsrmobj1/" text="Word find" %}

See how many Chinese words you can find in the grid.

{% include clear.html %}

In the first game, words only go from left to right, from top to bottom, from top-left to bottom-right, and from top-right to bottom-left. In the second one, they can be in all eight directions.

In the game, to select the word you found, press the mouse button or touch on the first letter of the word, move the cursor or your finger through all letters in the word, and release the mouse button or your finger on the last letter. Once you finish all the words, the grid will turn green. You can share the finished puzzle with me.

Keep in mind that the same sequence of characters (for example, "SHU") can be used multiple times for different words, if it fits both words (for example, "SHU" and "SHUBAO").

## Memory game

{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=clsrmobj1&imagesAvailable=12&grid=4x6" text="Memory game" %}

Enjoy the game!

{% include clear.html %}

## Quizizz

{% include button.html href="https://quizizz.com/join?gc=373269" text="Quizizz Quiz" %}

Go to the Quizizz game. Before game start type your First Name so that I can keep track with all of you. Please type your real name, don’t make up names.

{% include clear.html %}

[chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
