---
layout: post

title: 4th Grade Chinese Week 2
category: g4
---

{% include iframe.html src="/app-slides/?body/" width="80%" height="60%" %}

---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the second week. In this week, you're going to practice and finish more activities of Unit 11.

These activities are for several days. You don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your schedule and study on your own pace.

## Learn the words

{% include button.html href="/app-slides/?body/" text="View slides" %}

Check out the slides to learn the vocabulary. In the slides, you're going to learn and review those 30 words in this unit.

{% include clear.html %}

Pay attention to the pronunciation of each word. Each word will be read twice in Chinese followed by once in English. After all the words, there will be a mini-quiz for self-check.

## Vocabulary game

{% include button.html href="/app-vocab/?body4a,body4b" text="Vocabulary" %}

You're ready to earn some points!

{% include clear.html %}

The three game modes provide different difficulty levels where the first game is the easiest and the third game is the hardest. Remember, the learning mode is always available if you need some reminder of the words.

## Try to read

{% include button.html href="/app-read/?body1/#{}" text="Read part 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-read/?body2/#{}" text="Read part 2" %}

You'll practice pronunciation yourself by reading the words to the computer.

{% include clear.html %}

For this part, you need to use [Google Chrome][chrome] to browse the web page to make it work.

In each word card, the picture and its pinyin are given. When you click the "Go" button, the computer will read the word first, and then ask you to read it and record your pronunciation. If your pronunciation is accurate enough, the card will turn green and show "Correct!". Otherwise, try it again and see if you can make it. Let me know when you make all cards green.

## Watch the video

{% include button.html href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VMzfCOwqoY" text="Watch video" %}

Refresh your memory by watching this video.

{% include clear.html %}

Focus on the spelling of the words to get yourself prepared for the next fun challenge.

## Find the words

{% include button.html href="/app-wordfind/?body1/" text="Word find 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-wordfind/?body2/" text="Word find 2" %}

See how many Chinese words you can find in the grid.

{% include clear.html %}

In the first game, words only go from left to right, from top to bottom, from top-left to bottom-right, and from top-right to bottom-left. In the second one, they can be in all eight directions.

In the game, to select the word you found, press the mouse button or touch on the first letter of the word, move the cursor or your finger through all letters in the word, and release the mouse button or your finger on the last letter. Once you finish all the words, the grid will turn green. You can share the finished puzzle with me.

## Memory game

{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=body1&imagesAvailable=15&grid=5x6" text="Memory game 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=body2&imagesAvailable=15&grid=5x6" text="Memory game 2" %}

Write down your score and share with me!

{% include clear.html %}

## Kahoot

{% include button.html href="https://kahoot.it/challenge/06027858?challenge-id=9f4e2e9f-9b72-4be5-8348-38204d05d88d_1586776375581" text="Kahoot challenge" %}

Go to the game “Kahoot Challenge”. Before game start type your First Name so that I can keep track with all of you. Please type your real name, don’t make up names.

{% include clear.html %}

[chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
