---
layout: post

title: 3rd Grade Chinese Week 2
---


Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the second week. In this week, you're going to practice and finish more activities about fruits.

These activities are for several days. You don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your schedule and study on your own pace.

## Try to read

{% include button.html href="/app-read/?fruits1/#{}" text="Read part 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-read/?fruits2/#{}" text="Read part 2" %}

You'll practice pronunciation yourself by reading the words to the computer.

{% include clear.html %}

For this part, you need to use [Google Chrome][chrome] to browse the web page to make it work.

In each word card, the picture and its pinyin are given. When you click the "Go" button, the computer will read the word first, and then ask you to read it and record your pronunciation. If your pronunciation is accurate enough, the card will turn green and show "Correct!". Otherwise, try it again and see if you can make it. Let me know when you make all cards green.

## Memory game

{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=fruits1&imagesAvailable=10&grid=4x5" text="Play game 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=fruits2&imagesAvailable=10&grid=4x5" text="Play game 2" %}

Write down your score and share with me!

{% include clear.html %}

## Find the words

{% include button.html href="/app-wordfind/?fruits1/" text="Word find 1" %}{% include button.html href="/app-wordfind/?fruits2/" text="Word find 2" %}

See how many Chinese words you can find in the grid. In both games, words can go in all eight directions.

{% include clear.html %}

In the game, to select the word you found, press the mouse button or touch on the first letter of the word, move the cursor or your finger through all letters in the word, and release the mouse button or your finger on the last letter. Once you finish all the words, the grid will turn green. You can share the finished puzzle with me.

## Final notes

Week 1 contents ([part 1][g3w1] and [part 2][g3w1p2]) are always available for study or review. You can still share your study outcome from previous week's materials like Kahoot or origami with me.

[chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
[g3w1]: {{ '/g3w1' | relative_url }}
[g3w1p2]: {{ '/g3w1p2' | relative_url }}
