---
layout: post

title: 5th Grade Chinese Week 7
category: g5
---

{% include iframe.html src="/app-slides/?food1/" width="80%" height="60%" %}

---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome back to our remote Chinese language class in the seventh week. In this week, you'll learn another 22 new words of this unit.

These activities are for several days. You don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your schedule and study on your own pace.

<div style="border:.5em solid red;border-radius:1em;">

<h2>The Survey</h2>

{% assign forms_href = '/forms?form=1FAIpQLSeXtnCJu6gvDmFbWG2LA4bYbFXtaGHLmZHN8PhPaiojRdpTKQ&entry=entry.1643367131&title=Survey' | relative_url %}
{% include button.html href=forms_href text="Take the Survey" %}

I need your help to finish this important survey. This survey is for Hawken 5th Grade Chinese language students only.

{% include clear.html %}

</div>

## Check in

{% include button.html href="/app-identify/?g5" text="Check in" %}

Stop by this check-in page and enter your name, then submit.

{% include clear.html %}

This will allow me to track your progress, including your recordings in the "[Try to read](#try-to-read)" section. Let me know you're actively working on Chinese learning!

## Learn the words

{% include button.html href="/app-slides/?food1/" text="View slides" %}

Check out the slides to learn the vocabulary. In the slides, you're going to learn those 22 words in this lesson.

{% include clear.html %}

Pay attention to the pronunciation of each word. Each word will be read twice in Chinese followed by once in English. After all the words, there will be a mini-quiz for self-check.

## Vocabulary game

{% include button.html href="/app-vocab/?food3a,food3b" text="Vocabulary" %}

You're ready to earn some points!

{% include clear.html %}

The three game modes provide different difficulty levels where the first game is the easiest and the third game is the hardest. Remember, the learning mode is always available if you need some reminder of the words.

## Whack-a-mole!

{% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=food1" text="Whack-a-mole! 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=food2" text="Whack-a-mole! 2" %}

This game will help you to review the words you just learned in the slides.

{% include clear.html %}

There are three levels in this game. Earn enough points in the first level to advance to the next level.

## Try to read

{% include button.html href="/app-read/?food1/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-read/?food2/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read 2" %}

You'll practice pronunciation yourself by reading the words to the computer. Your pronunciation will be recorded and sent to me automatically.

{% include clear.html %}

For this part, I recommend using [Google Chrome][chrome] on a computer or Android device to finish the activity. In each word card, the picture and its pinyin are given. When you click the "Go" button, the computer will read the word first, and then ask you to read it and record your pronunciation for a maximum of 10 seconds, or you can stop the recording at a earlier time manually. A playback option is also available so you can listen to your own pronounciation, and record it again if you're not satisified with your previous attempt.

## Watch the video

{% include button.html href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FteKOXbKClg" text="Watch video" %}

Refresh your memory by watching this video.

{% include clear.html %}

Focus on the spelling of the words to get yourself prepared for the next fun challenge.

## Memory game

{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=food1&imagesAvailable=10&grid=4x5" text="Memory game 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=food2&imagesAvailable=12&grid=4x6" text="Memory game 2" %}

Enjoy the game!

{% include clear.html %}

## Find the words

{% include button.html href="/app-wordfind/?food1/" text="Word find 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-wordfind/?food2/" text="Word find 2" %}

See how many Chinese words you can find in the grid.

{% include clear.html %}

In the first game, words only go from left to right, from top to bottom, from top-left to bottom-right, and from top-right to bottom-left. In the second one, they can be in all eight directions.

To select the word you found in the game, press the mouse button or touch on the first letter of the word, move the cursor or your finger through all letters in the word, and release the mouse button or your finger on the last letter. Once you finish all the words, the grid will turn green. You can share the finished puzzle with me.

Remember you can always click on the "Create New Game" button to receive a new challenge.

## Liánliánkàn

{% assign lianliankan_href = '/lianliankan' | relative_url %}
{% include button.html href=lianliankan_href text="Learn the rules" %}

Before playing the game, **you need to read the rules or you may get very confused in the game.**

{% include clear.html %}

{% include button.html href="/app-lianliankan/?data=food1" text="Play game 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-lianliankan/?data=food2" text="Play game 2" %}

{% include clear.html %}

## Kahoot

{% include button.html href="https://kahoot.it/challenge/0676670?challenge-id=9f4e2e9f-9b72-4be5-8348-38204d05d88d_1589778336983" text="Kahoot challenge" %}

Go to the game "Kahoot Challenge". Before game start type your First Name so that I can keep track with all of you. Please type your real name, don't make up names.

{% include clear.html %}

[chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
