---
layout: post

title: "Body Parts: Lesson 1"
category: 7979g2
---

{% include iframe.html src="/app-slides/?body1/" width="80%" height="60%" %}

---

Nǐ hǎo nán hái nǚ hái! Welcome to our Chinese language class. Starting from this week, you'll work on a new unit of body parts. In this week, you'll learn 15 words out of 30 in total.

These activities are for two weeks. You don't need to finish all of them at once or even in one day. Make a plan suitable for your schedule and study on your own pace.

## Learn the words

{% include button.html href="/app-slides/?body1/" text="View slides" %}

Check out the slides to learn the vocabulary. In the slides, you're going to learn those 15 words in this lesson.

{% include clear.html %}

Pay attention to the pronunciation of each word. Each word will be read twice in Chinese followed by once in English. After all the words, there will be a mini-quiz for self-check.

## Vocabulary game

{% include button.html href="/app-vocab/?body4a1,body4a2" text="Vocabulary" %}

You're ready to earn some points!

{% include clear.html %}

The three game modes provide different difficulty levels where the first game is the easiest and the third game is the hardest. Remember, the learning mode is always available if you need some reminder of the words.

## Whack-a-mole!

{% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=body1a" text="Whack-a-mole! 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-whack-a-mole/?data=body1b" text="Whack-a-mole! 2" %}

This game will help you to review the words you just learned in the slides.

{% include clear.html %}

There are two levels in this game. Earn enough points in the first level to advance to the next level.

## Memory game

{% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=body1a&imagesAvailable=8&grid=4x4" text="Memory game 1" %} {% include button.html href="/app-memory-game/?data=body1b&imagesAvailable=7&grid=3x4" text="Memory game 2" %}

Enjoy the game!

{% include clear.html %}

## Try to read

{% include button.html href="/app-read/?body1/#{%22service%22:%22record-firebase%22}" text="Read" %}

You'll practice pronunciation yourself by reading the words to the computer. Your pronunciation will be recorded and sent to me automatically.

{% include clear.html %}

For this part, I recommend using [Google Chrome][chrome] on a computer or Android device to finish the activity. In each word card, the picture and its pinyin are given. When you click the "Go" button, the computer will read the word first, and then ask you to read it and record your pronunciation for a maximum of 10 seconds, or you can stop the recording at a earlier time manually. A playback option is also available so you can listen to your own pronounciation, and record it again if you're not satisified with your previous attempt.

## Watch the video

{% include button.html href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ex5-l-zfkk" text="Watch video" %}

Refresh your memory by watching this video.

{% include clear.html %}

Focus on the spelling of the words to get yourself prepared for the next fun challenge.

## Kahoot

{% include button.html href="https://kahoot.it/challenge/04841655?challenge-id=9f4e2e9f-9b72-4be5-8348-38204d05d88d_1611112447085" text="Kahoot challenge" %}

Go to the game "Kahoot Challenge". Before game start type your First Name so that I can keep track with all of you. Please type your real name, don't make up names.

{% include clear.html %}

[chrome]: https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/
